Update change log (#196)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

05:

* IdpfPoplar: Replace PrgSha3 with PrgFixedKeyAes128, a fixed-key mode for
  AES-128 based on a construction from {{GKWWY20}}. This change is intended to

>   improve performance of IPDF evaulation. Note that the new PRG is not suitable

Reviewer: nit: spelling
```suggestion
  improve performance of IDPF evaluation. Note that the new PRG is not suitable
```

Author: 👍
